---
aliases:
  - Systems of Sentences
date: 2023-11-12
time: 07:05
---
## Introduction

Systems of sentences serve as a foundational concept in linear algebra, ==paralleling the behavior of systems of equations.== In this context, these 'sentences' encapsulate information about elements in a defined system, akin to how equations elucidate relationships between variables.

## Types of Systems of Sentences

1. **Complete Systems** Complete systems contain sentences that <mark style="background: #FFF3A3A6;">collectively provide as much unique information as the number of sentences present.</mark> Each sentence contributes distinct data about the subject, offering a non-repetitive narrative.
    
2. **Redundant Systems** Redundant systems possess sentences that may <mark style="background: #FFF3A3A6;">repeat information,</mark> resulting in a surplus of sentences relative to unique data points. While these systems contain multiple sentences, they do not add novel insights beyond the initial information.
    
3. **Contradictory Systems** These systems present sentences that <mark style="background: #FFF3A3A6;">clash or conflict with one another</mark>, rendering the system inconsistent. The data provided within contradicts itself, making it impossible to derive a feasible solution.
    

## Terminology and Classification

In the context of singularity:

- _Non-singular Systems_ are <mark style="background: #FFF3A3A6;">complete and contain an equivalent amount of information to the number of sentences.</mark>
- _Singular Systems_ <mark style="background: #FFF3A3A6;">lack the optimal amount of information, falling into the categories of redundancy or contradiction.</mark>

## Measure of Redundancy

The degree of redundancy within a system is <mark style="background: #FFF3A3A6;">quantifiable through a metric called "rank," </mark>a measure to determine the surplus or repetition of information. This metric allows for the quantification of redundancy within systems of sentences.

## Singularity Evaluation

Assessing the singularity of a system reveals its completeness, carrying the same quantity of information as the number of sentences present. This demonstrates a <mark style="background: #FFF3A3A6;">non-singular system, devoid of redundancies or contradictions</mark>, offering a clear and concise portrayal of the data.